Update activate-lagged-db-copies.md (#2382)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-Exchange: Exchange/ExchangeServer/high-availability/manage-ha/activate-lagged-db-copies.md

   ```powershell
   Eseutil.exe /r eXX /a
   ```

> Note: if the database being recovered is "out of place", make sure to specify the logfile,checkpoint and database paths in the eseutil command, for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: If the database being recovered is "out of place", make sure to specify the log file, checkpoint, and database paths in the eseutil command, for example:
```
